14/7 12PM
I have decided to recreate Conway's Game of Life Clock originally designed by John Maeda.
I have created the first step which is to create the grid background. Now, I have to try and figure out how to target specific parts of the grid. and make it change colour. I've given the each square on the grid, a coordinate. Hopefully, this can help make the process easier.

14/7 9PM
I used classes to create a square... and is able to place specific square on the grid. Next step is to find out how to make it know it's next to another square.

18/7 12AM
I have changed my method to using 2d arrays to create grids. I also created a possible shape using arrays [0 and 1]. 1 represents true and 0 represents false. if it's true, then the square will light up red. this method should make it easier for shapes to detect the nieghbouring squares's state.

20/7 10AM
I'm probably going to admit defeat here. I'll figure out how arrays with classes work some other time. Right now I should focus on the main alarm. But before That I'm not yet satisfied with how the maeda clock came out. I will try to recreate a different clock. hopefully this time it will be a little bit faster.

24/7 8PM
I changed my maeda clock to a different clock. This one I had a better understanding on how to break it down and recreate. It was a lot easier that I decided to put my own twist on it.

26/7 11AM
I found a sketch that I liked and found potential in. I was inspired by @maxdrekker and his works that uses simple geometric shapes to create aesthetically pleasing graphics. To start with I first made simple circles making it overlap each other. More hour = more circles. Secondly, I moved the circles over to then they would all touch the edge of the overall background circle. These would rotate around based on the seconds. Lastly, I turned those circles into squares using p5js polygon references.

27/7 1AM
I was looking over my inspiration's design. I realised how much he used gradients in his work. So I decided to use lerps to create the look. At midnight, I found out I didn't know what the seconds was because there was 0 hours as 0 is midnight. Because of that, I made a smaller star outside the background polygon. It felt bland so I added some glow to it. It only requires 2 lines 
  drawingContext.shadowBlur
  drawingContext.shadowColor
I liked the look of this, so I added a backgrund drop shadow on the background polygon, this really enhanced the look of the clock.

28/7 12PM
Found a way to make minutes show. Made every second, the color would pulse. And every minute it would rotate.